docs/domodule.domodule.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [domodule](./domodule.md) &gt; [Domodule](./domodule.domodule.md)

## Domodule class

Defines class-based JavaScript modules accessible via the DOM.

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
declare class Domodule 
```

## Constructors

|  Constructor | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [(constructor)(el, name)](./domodule.domodule._constructor_.md) |  | Constructs a new instance of the <code>Domodule</code> class |

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [defaults](./domodule.domodule.defaults.md) | <code>readonly</code> | [AttrObj](./domodule.attrobj.md) | The default 'options' settings for a Domodule instance. |
|  [el](./domodule.domodule.el.md) | <code>readonly</code> | HTMLElement | The element referenced by the module. |
|  [els](./domodule.domodule.els.md) |  | { \[index: string\]: HTMLElement \| HTMLElement\[\]; } | Child elements of Domodule denoted by <code>data-name</code> attributes. |
|  [id](./domodule.domodule.id.md) |  | string | The ID of a Domodule instance. |
|  [moduleName](./domodule.domodule.modulename.md) | <code>readonly</code> | string | The name of the module, as referenced in code. |
|  [options](./domodule.domodule.options.md) | <code>readonly</code> | [AttrObj](./domodule.attrobj.md) | Module options included from <code>data-module-*</code> attributes. |
|  [required](./domodule.domodule.required.md) | <code>readonly</code> | [DomoduleSettings](./domodule.domodulesettings.md) | The required settings for a Domodule instance. |
|  [setUps](./domodule.domodule.setups.md) |  | [DomoduleSettings](./domodule.domodulesettings.md) | The object that contains all options during initialization. |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [destroy()](./domodule.domodule.destroy.md) |  | Unbinds all action listeners from a Domodule instance. |
|  [discover(el)](./domodule.domodule.discover.md) | <code>static</code> | Discover and register all Domodule instances in the DOM. |
|  [error(msg)](./domodule.domodule.error.md) | <code>protected</code> | Logs an error to the Javascript console. |
|  [error(msg)](./domodule.domodule.error.md) | <code>static</code> | Logs an error to the Javascript console. |
|  [find(selector)](./domodule.domodule.find.md) |  | Finds and returns an array of matching elements. |
|  [findByName(name)](./domodule.domodule.findbyname.md) |  | Returns the DOM element with the matching <code>data-name</code> attribute. |
|  [findOne(selector)](./domodule.domodule.findone.md) |  | Returns the first instance of the DOM matching a CSS selector. |
|  [getInstance(element)](./domodule.domodule.getinstance.md) | <code>static</code> | Get a single instance of Domodule. |
|  [getOption(option)](./domodule.domodule.getoption.md) |  | Returns the value of a single option in the module. |
|  [log(msg)](./domodule.domodule.log.md) | <code>protected</code> | Logs a message to the Javascript console. |
|  [log(msg)](./domodule.domodule.log.md) | <code>static</code> | Logs a message to the Javascript console. |
|  [parseAction(el)](./domodule.domodule.parseaction.md) | <code>static</code> | Gets the action callback and event type arguments from a DOM element. |
|  [postInit()](./domodule.domodule.postinit.md) | <code>protected</code> | Defines actions taken after DOM instances are created. |
|  [preInit()](./domodule.domodule.preinit.md) | <code>protected</code> | Defines actions taken before DOM instances are created. |
|  [register(name, cls)](./domodule.domodule.register.md) | <code>static</code> | Add a Domodule instance to the global window object, if it does not exist. |

Commit message:

fixed Domodule static vars and rebuilt docs

docs/domodule.domodule.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [domodule](./domodule.md) &gt; [Domodule](./domodule.domodule.md)

## Domodule class

Defines class-based JavaScript modules accessible via the DOM.

**Signature:**

```typescript
declare class Domodule 
```

## Constructors

|  Constructor | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [(constructor)(el, name)](./domodule.domodule._constructor_.md) |  | Constructs a new instance of the <code>Domodule</code> class |

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [autoDiscover](./domodule.domodule.autodiscover.md) | <code>static</code> | boolean | Should the class automatically register modules or not? |
|  [debug](./domodule.domodule.debug.md) | <code>static</code> | string \| false \| null | Should the class log debug messages? |
|  [defaults](./domodule.domodule.defaults.md) | <code>readonly</code> | [AttrObj](./domodule.attrobj.md) | The default 'options' settings for a Domodule instance. |
|  [el](./domodule.domodule.el.md) | <code>readonly</code> | HTMLElement | The element referenced by the module. |
|  [els](./domodule.domodule.els.md) |  | { \[index: string\]: HTMLElement \| HTMLElement\[\]; } | Child elements of Domodule denoted by <code>data-name</code> attributes. |
|  [id](./domodule.domodule.id.md) |  | string | The ID of a Domodule instance. |
|  [moduleName](./domodule.domodule.modulename.md) | <code>readonly</code> | string | The name of the module, as referenced in code. |
|  [options](./domodule.domodule.options.md) | <code>readonly</code> | [AttrObj](./domodule.attrobj.md) | Module options included from <code>data-module-*</code> attributes. |
|  [required](./domodule.domodule.required.md) | <code>readonly</code> | [DomoduleSettings](./domodule.domodulesettings.md) | The required settings for a Domodule instance. |
|  [setUps](./domodule.domodule.setups.md) |  | [DomoduleSettings](./domodule.domodulesettings.md) | The object that contains all options during initialization. |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [destroy()](./domodule.domodule.destroy.md) |  | Unbinds all action listeners from a Domodule instance. |
|  [discover(el)](./domodule.domodule.discover.md) | <code>static</code> | Discover and register all Domodule instances in the DOM. |
|  [error(msg)](./domodule.domodule.error.md) | <code>protected</code> | Logs an error to the Javascript console. |
|  [error(msg)](./domodule.domodule.error.md) | <code>static</code> | Logs an error to the Javascript console. |
|  [find(selector)](./domodule.domodule.find.md) |  | Finds and returns an array of matching elements. |
|  [findByName(name)](./domodule.domodule.findbyname.md) |  | Returns the DOM element with the matching <code>data-name</code> attribute. |
|  [findOne(selector)](./domodule.domodule.findone.md) |  | Returns the first instance of the DOM matching a CSS selector. |
|  [getInstance(element)](./domodule.domodule.getinstance.md) | <code>static</code> | Get a single instance of Domodule. |
|  [getOption(option)](./domodule.domodule.getoption.md) |  | Returns the value of a single option in the module. |
|  [log(msg)](./domodule.domodule.log.md) | <code>protected</code> | Logs a message to the Javascript console. |
|  [log(msg)](./domodule.domodule.log.md) | <code>static</code> | Logs a message to the Javascript console. |
|  [parseAction(el)](./domodule.domodule.parseaction.md) | <code>static</code> | Gets the action callback and event type arguments from a DOM element. |
|  [postInit()](./domodule.domodule.postinit.md) | <code>protected</code> | Defines actions taken after DOM instances are created. |
|  [preInit()](./domodule.domodule.preinit.md) | <code>protected</code> | Defines actions taken before DOM instances are created. |
|  [register(name, cls)](./domodule.domodule.register.md) | <code>static</code> | Add a Domodule instance to the global window object, if it does not exist. |
